Love is All
Tang Tianyuan prepared beautiful fireworks,
Zhu Dacong came to Tongling for his love
Episode 08
The case of Qi Hui
should be reported to the capital city and get a retry.
What? Why?
Have a look at this.
This...
This is indeed the purple goldstone government seal.
Oh, I remember...
I need to go back to County Office to handle business.
I must leave now.
Don't go. Don't. Don't
Assistant Zhou. Why did...
Why did the imperial envoy come?
Yeah. Why? What happened?
I know why he came.
The imperial envoys are sent to every corners of the country.
But how could they
know about this?
Yes, the officer said that
the imperial envoy was very angry.
And he will inquire you if it is not handled properly.
So, what about us?
Does this mean
in this case there is
no room for meddling? Right?
Did we fail?
Then my daughter…
Hold on. Hold on.
Landlord Qi.
How are you? Wake up.
What can we do?
It seemed that this time
I can't even protect myself.
Go. Go. Go.
Let's go.
Don't go, magistrate.
Wait a minute.
Does the deal about my son
still count?
Too late to ask. They are all gone.
Then my daughter…My daughter.
Where is that corrupt official?
Corrupt official?
Do you mean Magistrate Tang?
Who else could it be?
He dares to take a bribe.
If it were not the imperial envoy's timely handwritten order,
he could have carried out his plan.
It's fair to say I caught him together with the loot today.
But he did fail, right?
Adviser Tan,
why are you so naive?
What do you mean?
His lordship told me to pass you a massage:
Keep your word after making a bet.
Tang Feilong, how dare you to fool me around?
Oh my god!
Adviser Tan is going to jump off the roof!
We need help here! We need help!
Help!
Come to help here.
Come here, come here.
Yes. Yes.
Be careful, Adviser.
No need to worry.
It's not high enough to kill herself.
Good job!
Well done!
Mr. Tan, bad news. Adviser is about to jump off the roof.
Adviser, please calm down.
Either you are in business crisis
or in debt
or even in a terrible relationship,
we can help you out.
Adviser Tan, if his lordship treats you harshly,
or uses bullying,
you can report to the District Office anonymously.
Don't harm yourself!
Adviser Tan, what are you doing?
How dare you ask me?
How about you get down, then we can talk about it?
Yes.
Do you dare to get down?
Sis.
Listen up, Tang Feilong.
You screwed. I told you not to bully women.
Now she is going to humiliate you in public.
My lord.
You are a handsome, debonair
penetrative
and wonderfully excellent among others.
I, Tan Lingyin didn't see it clearly before
and took you as a bad guy.
I was so carefree and rude
that I got you in troubles.
Could you please forgive me?
I would appreciate it if you do.
Cause you are open-minded
and heroic.
I, Tan Lingyin, admire you.
I can't hear you.
I admire you, you, you!
Sis.
Adviser.
My eyes, my eyes.
What are you looking at? Get off me.
You are so annoying.
You giggled for a long time.
Just go ahead with your questions.
Tell me,
when did you hook up with Adviser Tan?
Nothing happened.
Even our hot-tempered adviser Tan
admires you from her heart now.
Tell me, how did you do it?
I am admired by my adviser.
It's nothing but natural.
Okay. Let's get down to business.
This time, we didn't offend neither the superior officers
nor the local boss.
and succeeded in handling the murderer.
Our mission has been completed.
However, we should think twice
before taking every step later on.
It deserves celebrating though.
At first, we didn't know who was the enemy.
From now on,
those who are related to the case
will become big and bright targets.
My lord.
You not only kept your position,
but also won Adviser's heart.
You have my admiration.
Keep it low.
Report Accepted. Tang Tianyuan.
The imperial envoy Tang Tianyuan is here?
Officer Zheng.
Adviser. Adviser. Urgency. Urgency.
I have something urgent, too, Officer Zheng.
I am a man, I can't hold it.
I am a woman.
I can't hold the anxiety to meet that man either.
Tang Tianyuan is far away in the capital city.
Even you don't let me to pee,
you can't see him.
But if he came here
as the imperial envoy,
he won't focus just on Qi Hui's case.
He will be back again.
Please introduce me to him.
Do you mean that
if I don't tell you today,
you won't let me go to the toilet?
Okay then. I am telling you,
this is a trap set by Magistrate Tang.
Not only he won the trust of the Sun Family,
which enables his status in Tongling;
But also he borrowed the name of imperial envoy
to enforce the law strictly and get free from corruption.
Do you understand now?
He has planned this early.
You are so stupid, Tan Lingyin. Stupid!
My lord.
I want to say.
Let me start. Lady first.
I shouldn't have misunderstood you
or suspect you taking bribes and breaking the law.
I am sorry.
What did Zheng Shaofeng tell you?
I forced him to tell.
I let him to take me to see Tang Tianyuan.
So he had to tell me the truth.
But trust me,
I will never ever
tell anyone about it.
I know it's confidential.
The order from the envoy is faked.
It's not as simple as
copying a fan.
If Tang Tianyuan knows about this,
chances are you will be beheaded.
Zheng Shaofeng do have a big mouth.
Don't blame him.
We are supposed not to
suspect each other like this.
It's all my fault.
You are too stubborn.
Do you think I will do harm to you?
What's wrong with accepting
help from others?
Why do you have to bother?
I am accustomed to this.
By the way,
what did you want to say to me?
I shouldn't keep it secret from you.
I am sorry.
Sorry?
What a surprise.  Our arrogant Magistrate Tang
is apologizing to me.
It deserves being celebrated.
You want to celebrate?
Let me take you to somewhere.
Okay, let's go.
My lord, do you think there is fish in the water?
Yes, there are many.
If you put a dead body down there, within about two hours
it will have nothing left.
Did I ever say to you that
the first time I saw you,
I think you are different.
So,
that's why you poured me water of a footbath?
It was an accident.
I want to say that
having worked with you,
I find you brave, smart and penetrative.
You have great judgement like Tang Tianyuan.
So?
So I think
your co-workers also play an important parts.
Such as Officer Zheng and I.
What do you think of the moonlight tonight?
It's indeed beautiful,
but I can't touch it.
I'd prefer a mooncake.
Besides, there are no stars.
Rabbit-lantern.
It's cute.
So do you accept it as an apology gift?
I accept it.
We are good.
It's a little bit easy.
In fact, it should be me to say sorry.
An merely eighth rank court official versus so fierce a landed gentry.
It's throwing an egg against a rock.
An egg against a rock?
Don't you know this metaphor?
It means that you are like an egg, they are like rocks.
When the egg hits the rock. Boom...
You are an egg.
You have no idea,
how mad I was when you took their gold.
I didn't know who I should trust.
So do you trust me now?
Since we have seen the moon and rabbit-lantern,
can we go back now?
Hold on.
It's just the beginning.
Fireworks! So beautiful!
Did yo prepare this?
Yes.
Adviser,
you always say that
you want to see whether the plot in the novel
will happen for real.
So, did you fell for me at first sight?
What? I'm not that easy to get.
How about you?
Me? No, either.
So the plot in the novel
can't be taken seriously.
Don't say it randomly later on.
Or else it will interfere with our work in the County Office.
My lord, You're awake?
Erzhu.
Yes, it's me.
Three months ago,
I asked you to look for my wife with Dazhu.
How come you turn to this?
We knew that her ladyship once settled down in the capital,
then went to Tongling.
So we instantly rushed here.
But we didn't expect that
before getting Tongling
we would get rubbed.
They were so cruel.
They rubbed me of everything.
Okay, I get it.
Just tell me where my wife is.
Her ladyship is in Tongling.
That's great, Erzhu.
You've done a good job.
This time
we are sure to find her in Tongling.
Let's go.
Beautiful fur on sale!
Come and take a look.
Look at mine.
Who are you?
This place has been closed down by the County Office.
Random people can't get in.
Then why are you here?
I...
am here to
maintain the public property.
No more than one tael silver, you can have a clean place again.
Is the Tian Xiang Club
thoroughly taken by the office?
Do you need any yard guard like me?
Though Sangjie now is dead,
I won't spare him in the coffin.
I want my money back from him.
Then I won't interrupt.
Hold on.
Where are you going?
I am leaving.
How about making money with me?
Bro,
the first time I see you,
you are like an old friend of mine.
I am thinking about taking you
as my adopted son.
No, No.
Anyways, just follow me and make money.
Afterwards, I will guide you how to
make money and lead a bright future.
What do you think?
Not bad, I am in.
What's your name?
My name is Ertong.
What a good name!
You don't know that
each time I am playing Mahjong,
I need a missing Ertong.
This way, please. Come on in.
My lord, I have done what you asked.
Where is my reward?
You didn't sale anything.
How dare you to ask reward from me?
If I knew any technique for this,
I wouldn't just be an errand.
Do you see those two stages?
What about them?
Go and find the best female dancers in Tongling.
Let's make a big scene.
Bring gongs and drums too.
I don't believe that it's not appealing to
those whorehouse visitors with full bellies.
What are you going to do after they come?
Offer a higher price when one raises his hand.
Then shut your mouth after three rounds of it.
Those who want to impress the dancers
through the way of bragging themselves
will be willing to pay for it.
My lord, you are so evil.
Act now. What are you waiting for?
Yes. Yes. Yes.
If we stay here like this,
when will I find my wife?
Eat, what are you looking at?
Father writes that everything is fine at home.
Fine? Of course he's fine with his concubine.
But Zhu Dacong
refused to cancel the engagement.
And he said that wherever you go, he will look for you.
He just won't give me a break.
It's useless to keep hiding.
We don't know that if Magistrate Tang
has any idea about this.
I think
the County Office has attracted so much attention.
The news about these cases will soon be spread.
Before Zhu Dacong knows about them,
we'd better leave here.
Miss!
Wait for me.
Look at her.
Good job!
Well done!
It is a new club.
So beautiful.
Yes.
Good job!
Look at how their body moves.
Professional.
So pretty!
Yes.
Their dance is so good.
Exactly.
Feast for the eye.
Good job!
How could she just disappear?
They are so beautiful.
I want to see more in this club afterwards.
Let's go in.
I shall visit here when I'm free.
Look at them.
Another dancer! Another.
She is prettier.
She is beautiful.
She is the prettiest among them.
Good job! Good job!
I wonder how she looks like acutally.
The girl in the center.
Well done!
She is such a good dancer.
So beautiful.
Gorgeous.
So fascinating.
She looks like a goddess.
So beautiful.
Good job!
Though covered in a silk mask,
she still stole my soul.
Mine, too.
Good job!
Well done!
Exactly.
Don't go.
Good job!
Enough! Enough!
Don't dance.
Miss!
What are you doing?
Hold on, sir. Hold on.
You have quite a handsome look.
Thank you, I am looking for……
Which girl do you want?
The girl in white.
The dancer in white? Wait a minute.
Look at these porcelains on the table first.
I will take all of them.
You are so generous!
Impressive!
Ertong, show sir the way to the counter.
Wait, let me have a look first.
Then I will pay for it.
250 tael silver.
This way please, sir.
Don't push me.
Adviser.
Good morning, my lord.
Good morning, Adviser.
Have you had breakfast yet?
Yes.
How about you?
I have a box of buns, a bowl of soy milk,
an osmanthus cake, an egg.
That's all.
Oh, that's not much.
My lord, my lord.
Adviser.
Someone came to Tian Xiang Club.
He not only ripped the paper strip seal,
but also held an auction of the items inside.
Shall I take him here?
Who dares to do so? Let's go and see.
Let's go.
Yes.
Ertong.
Does this Miaomiaosheng
come from Tongling?
Yes.
She is also the newly appointed adviser of our County Office.
I have been looking for her
for a quite long time.
Now I am much closer to her.
Look at this.
Well done!
It opens again.
Look at this, my lord.
Is there a new boss?
It can't be.
Everyone mentioned in the account book of Tian Xiang Club
have been reached and checked.
It seems that
whoever ripped the seal is not a common person.
Good job!
Great!
Let me see.
Who are you?
Darling.
Zhu Dacong?
Why are you here?
It's really you, darling.
It's really you.
Darling.
Sir.
My lord, what should we do?
Get back to County Office.
Let's go.
Sis, stop wandering back and forth.
You are making my eyes ache.
Close your eyes then.
My head aches if I stop walking.
How does the conversation go between Magistrate Tang and Zhu Dacong?
Magistrate Tang had left
before they met each other.
For what reason?
The Aunt Zhou living in the Gusu Alley
has accused her neighbors for stealing her apricots.
Last month, her daughter gave birth to a boy.
She sent red eggs to Magistrate Tang during the one-month celebration.
They will go rotted if he doesn't eat them.
Don't you think it is a
really trustworthy reason?
I think he should have had enough time
to think through the relationship between you and Zhu Dacong.
How did he find me?
Though the District Magistrate of Jinan is powerful,
he wouldn't have reached to Tongling.
Zhu Dacong is quite committed to you.
But you ran away from your engagement.
I don't know if he hates you,
or he still loves you as before.
Qingchen.
It's not love.
Do you understand?
Running away from him is a right thing.
I did it for a reason.
I will never ever
marry a man I don't love.
He should be clear that
he and I will never ever get together.
You can't wake a person who's pretending to be asleep.
It's hot.
Sis.
You can wake a person pretending to be asleep
by burning him with hot water.
It's so hot!
Everyone will yield to
woman's tears.
I'll let you know.
What do you want?
What are you doing?
Zhu Dacong.
Drama queen.
Give back my onion.
Your honor, this is our marriage certificate.
You have seen it. Please help me.
We have undergone the ritual of gift-giving.
We just need a wedding ceremony.
Please allow my wife to resign.
Then we can prepare our wedding.
Zhu Dacong.
I beat you.
I will beat you to death.
You don't have the right to let me resign.
Darling.
Wives are supposed to stay at home.
What's more,
you earn a modest salary,
it's a waste of effort.
It's not like that.
Did you say that you want to be a novelist?
I will buy you a bookstore.
At that time, whenever you want to write,
you can write freely.
How about writing at home?
No. Leave me alone.
Alright, it's up to you, Your Honor.
Does this marriage certificate go into effect?
Yes.
Bullshit.
Darling, respect the court.
I have known about the situation
and what this gentleman wants.
But you ripped the seal
without my permission
and sold the confiscated property.
Do you admit the guilt?
How much do you want?
I, son of the District Magistrate,
will pay you back.
Assistants!
Take away this rich Dacong
and paddle him 15 strikes.
Hold court trial.
Your Honor,
I am
the son of District Magistrate.
Do you dare to beat me?
It doesn't matter who is your father.
You ripped off our seal,
what's worse, you wanted to bribe me.
I could beat you more than 15 strikes.
Go.
This way, please.
Darling, wait for me.
You made a wise decision, Your Honor.
Go.
Mr. Zhou.
Officer Zheng, why do you look upset?
I almost caught her.
I thought you can catch whoever you want.
I lost my heart,
how could I make it?
Adviser,
tell me about it.
It's all because of my step-mother.
She wanted to cling to the rich and powerful
and get rid of me,
her step-daughter.
So she sold me to Zhu Dacong.
My lord, can I cancel this engagement?
Theoretically,
this marriage certificate takes effect.
You ran away from it.
He can sue your parents
on the County Office.
But instead, he insists on marrying you,
it proves that he really loves you.
This engagement
is nothing different from hard sell.
I knew nothing about it.
Can you keep it a secret for me?
I can go pack now and run away.
Is that OK?
Where can you go?
I don't know what to do.
Nothing will work.
Now I only have one way to go?
Marry him?
It seems like that.
I am a total fool.
I was thinking you could help me out.
Can you imagine if your father forces you to marry
a girl you don't like at all?
Of course you will say nothing about it.
It's natural for men to have a lot of wives.
You can marry another one if you don't like your wife.
You know little about my suffering.
Darling, you are out eventually.
I have been waiting for you here.
Tell me, how did you find me?
Don't stop.
I was led by god.
We are destined to be together.
Dishonest trader.
You sold fake goods in Jinan with your father covering for you.
Now in Tongling, you want to do the same business.
Darling, you make a point.
I can't count on my father forever.
So, I left Jinan.
Tongling is where I start from.
Only fools in Tongling
will buy your fake goods.
Sangjie.
I can't stop being angry thinking of him.
He is even more dishonest than me.
I sold to him a fake luminous pearl.
And he paid me with fake gold?
So I am here to get my money back.
Fake gold?
Do you mean the kind of gold not pure enough?
Yes.
Do you want to know the truth?
Come closer, I will tell you.
Psycho.
Then I come closer to you.
Fast. Fast.
Easy.
Darling, that is just money.
Not important.
Now what matters is
we going back home together.
No way.
Besides, darling,
though in your novel
you changed Zhu Dacong
to Zhu Dasuan.
I can still recognize it.
It has nothing to do with you.
Since you have read my novels,
you should know that
you are not my type.
Now I am telling you formally,
Zhu Dacong,
I will never marry you.
What you care is partying.
You don't know how to run a decent business or a family.
Darling.
How can you describe your husband like that?
You should stand in my shoes.
Being beaten like this,
who was I for?
Besides,
how could I have a family if you don't marry me?
Your fan touched my butt, again!
Am I right, darling?
And , Tan Lingyin,
you are mine for sure.
You.
You, you, you.
Help!
That's Tang Feilong's line.
What are you waiting for? Catch up!
Darling.
I.
I treat you as my dear friend.
I don't know
you have been fooling me around.
You are also in love with her?
Don't hide it.
Isn't this handkerchief
given to you
by that dancer girl?
Given to me?
If she didn't give it to you,
did you stole it?
Yes. Yes.
It's given by that girl.
Do you know that
I have been looking for her for a long time?
I can't stop thinking of her even when I'm sleeping.
But you two only met once before.
Once is enough.
She took my heart away.
Now that you are also in love with her,
could you please help me
give it back to her?
Keep it.
Officer Zheng.
You have taken it wrong.
Ruyi and I....
Ruyi?
She's my younger sister.
Which kind of sister?
She calls my mother aunt.
Really?
That's great!
No wonder that
you look quite alike.
It turns out that you are cousins.
Great!
Officer Zheng.
Brother Zhou.
I should take it back.
What now?
Cousin.
I will be your cousin-in-law soon.
Officer Zheng, stop it.
This is one, this is two.
This is three.
Daring.
Four.
I have added Miaosheng Club
into the gift-list to your parents.
So when we get married,
you will be more respected in your family.
I don't need it.
We agreed to boat on the lake.
I am busy.
You can go swimming alone.
No, we planned to boat.
I said I am not free now.
Darling, if you give me a hard time again,
don't you fear I will sue you?
At your pleasure.
I could do it anytime.
Baba, it's your turn.
Go.
Leave me alone.
Will you scare me now?
Good job!
Checking the files?
Where is our
chick Adviser today?
I am surprised that she is engaged.
Then you need to hurry up.
Chances are she will be off forever.
What are you talking about?
Tan Lingyin will never
like her fiancee.
Never say never.
He chased her from afar.
You can't ignore his persistence.
And I shall tell you that
girls are vulnerable of being chased.
Eventually
she will get touched.
And getting touched makes her fall in love.
Besides...
What should I do?